Update mentions of Blackfire for the Dedicated plan (#2077)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/dedicated/overview/monitoring.md

A third-party availability monitoring system is configured for every Dedicated project.

## Application Performance Monitoring

> Platform.sh owns and recommends [Blackfire.io](/integrations/observability/blackfire.md#on-a-dedicated-cluster). Blackfire is part of the Observability Suite providing both infrastructure and application-level performance monitoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform.sh offers Application Performance Monitoring, packaged with Infrastructure Monitoring in the Platform.sh Observability Suite. Our APM relies on the cutting edge service, [Blackfire.io](/integrations/observability/blackfire.md#on-a-dedicated-cluster), which uniquely combines monitoring, profiling and performance testing technologies.

The Observability Suite is currently offered only to Enterprise, Elite and Fleet customers. Pro customers can purchase a [Blackfire subscription in self-service](https://www.blackfire.io/pricing) and benefit from all of its features on Platform.sh. Our Observability Suite package includes all Blackfire features, support and usage that scales with your needs.
```
